DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
RUNO: Ahhh! How annoying!
How come Dan's stupid Bakugan Ball talks
and you don't?!
Well, how come?!
Oh come on, if you're inside there,
at least say something...
Pretty please with sugar?!
Say something!
What's going on?!
Where'd you come from?!
A Battle Brawler...
Are you challenging me to a battle?
'Cause if you are,
let's get this party started!
Didn't catch your name...
I never said it...
Call me, Masquerade...
[screams]
STUDENT: Hey, let me see that!
That is sooo cool!
Is that the Bakugan I've been reading about on the web?
DAN: Ta-daaa!
Feast your eyes guys on the one and only Drago!
Is that the one that talks?!
Hey Dan, make say somethin'!
Oh, I am so jealous!
Mine hasn't said one word yet!
Or maybe you just made the whole thing up, Danny !
I'll prove it to ya... alright?!
C'mon! Show us!
Okay, okay, I'll show ya already...
Ya ready Drago?
It's showtime...
Bakugan Stand!
May-be it's like busted...
C'mon Drago, say something!
Bakugan Stand!
Stand...
You're embarrassing me, Drago...
Hey Dan, forget Drago...
Just wonderin' if you remembered to do your homework?
Yeah, 'cause if you didn't,
Miss Purdy will be all over you!
DAN: Oh no!
Uh oh!
I forgot!
I am so done for!
Maybe there's still time...
Ya gotta help me or it's detention for life!
Would ya let me copy your notes?!
Please?!
You gotta help me out here, guys!
DRAGO: What a pathetic human.
If he thinks I'm here for his personal amusement,
he is sadly mistaken...
I have a more important mission.
To stop Vestroia's destruction!
[struggling] Too much resistance!
Yes! Yes!
Much summon strength...
Students! Did you not hear the bell?
It's Miss Purdy!
DRAGO: Must resist being crushed!
Drago!
Stop! Please, you gotta stop!
DRAGO: I'm trying! I'm trying!
Hurry! Catch me! I'm going to be sick!
[screams]
Who's responsible for bringing marbles into my classroom?
-Daniel! -Yes!
I'll see you after class.
Yes ma'ammmmmm!
Do I make myself clear!?
DRAGO: How did I get myself into this predicament?
And if we use the hypotenuse theorem
to triangulate the circumference,
the modifier will give us the Helmholtz
differential equation to our problem.
DRAGO: Somehow I must discern a way
to move freely in this realm...
But I must hurry because Vestroia is in danger...
Naga is behind its destruction
and I must stop him!
But first I must find him!
Ah man, all that rollin' around on the floor
sure messed you up, little guy...
There...
Now you're starting to look like new again,
all shiny and junk...
I'll bet your wishing I'd do this all day
and if you'd just talk for me, well maybe I might...
DRAGO: Cease your scrubbing, human!
I am not your toy!
Whoa, you scared the crud out of me!
But I knew it, you can talk...
Listen up, guys!
He can talk, my Drago just talked to me!
Did ya hear?!
He told me he isn't just some toy!
Daniel!
That is quite enough!
Can you hear my voice?
Well, young man?
Yeah, Miss Purdy...
I want you to listen very carefully to me...
Detention for the rest of the semester!
DAN: Noo!
DAN: Thanks for wrecking my life, Drago!
All you had to do was talk...
Ah man, I wonder if all the other Brawlers out there
have such a stubborn Bakugan!
Okay, we're logged on...
Hey you guys, how's it goin'?
Finally!
[screams]
I hope you realize it's all your fault
that I lost a Bakugan Battle today!
C'mon Runo, give me a break, would ya?!
What'd ya talking about?
This creep Masquerade came along
and totally clobbered me!
He's been winning battles all over the world!
Not to mention every chat room I checked
is full of kids talking about the Masquerade!
So what's his deal?
He's won every single battle he's been in
and kids everywhere are losing their Bakugans
like crazy!
This is serious!
So Runo...
did he get yours?
Uh uh...
My precious Terrorclaw is gone for good...
We have to do something, Dan.
Don't worry, guys, you can count on me.
If that dorkus comes anywhere near me
looking for a battle,
I'll win everyone's Bakugan back!
Including your Terrorclaw, Runo!
That masked moron's goin' down!
Awesome!
Oh Dan, I wish I could just hug you!
Me too!
I don't care how good this Masquerade dude is,
I'm gonna put my own Bakugan on the line
and show him!
But what if you lose too?!
But...
I-I won't...
Do you know what he's ranked at?!
The latest update on the web puts him bang on
at number one!
Youuu have got to be kiddin'!
That's impossible!
The best Bakugan Brawler in the world
should be Shun...
Something's weird here...
And I've got to fix it!
No matter the danger, no matter the risk,
no matter the enemy, I will march to battle
with my head held high and return victorious!
This is my quest, to follow that star--
Ah, Dan?
Now what?!
One question.
How are you going to challenge Masquerade
if you don't even know where he is?
Right...
Yeah well...
that is a good question...
H-Hey Masquerade, Dan-o here...
How'd about a little battle?
Ah man, that bites!
How about this?!
Hey Masquerade,
I'm sick and tired of you bullying Brawlers
so you're goin' down!
That is if you're man enough to accept my challenge.
Well, are you?
Or are you going keep hiding behind that creepy
little mask of yours like the total poser
you really are?!
Your Bakugans are mine, ya understand me?!
The name's Dan and I challenge you to a battle!
I'm the new number one in town!
DRAGO: You're kidding...
Quiet!
Can't you see I'm just bluffing the creep, Drago?
Ya gotta trick him to come out and play...
Whoa!
Did you just talk, Drago?!
Listen to me, human...
I am not a toy...
In your realm you see me only as a token trinket
to battle for your pleasure...
I ask you, is this all just a game to you?
Hello!
This is the greatest game ever!
I love everything about the Bakugan!
It makes me feel alive, in control
and the best part is, I love winning!
What's wrong, Drago?
Are you sayin' you don't like to battle?
I thought that's what you were programmed for...
I'm not getting' this...
DRAGO: Bakugan is more than a game...
DAN: Hey Masquerade, I know you're out there,
so if you're listening, what'd ya say
you show yourself and we have a battle?!
Winner takes all.
Loser walks away with nothin'!
But I warn ya I'm good...
And my Dragonoid and me are gonna blow your doors off...
Nobody bullies the Brawlers and gets away with it!
So here's the deal, pal...
Tomorrow after school...
Underneath the railroad bridge on Palmdale Avenue...
That's where it's going down!
And you better show up, ya freak!
Do I make myself clear, Masquerade?!
DAN: C'mon, c'mon, outta the way!
Move it! Move it!
Heads up, comin' through!
This is gonna be sweet, I am so pumped,
he won't stand a chance!
Let's go! Let's go!
He better show up!
You're here!
[evil chuckle]
We've been waitin' for ya...
It's too bad your buddy Masquerade didn't show up...
[scream]
Not you two again?!
I do not have time for this!
Now why don't you two beat it?
You owe me!
I demand a rematch!
So pull out your cards and let's get this battle
underway, punk!
Ready or not!
Give me a break...
This is a complete waste of my time...
Well, might as well get this over with...
You want a piece of me,
then you got it!
Yeah!
Okay... Bakugan...
Field Open!
It's on!
Stick around for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
And now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
SHUJI: I can't believe you beat
my Robotallian and Garganoid!
Hate to break it to you Shuji,
but beating you isn't rocket science!
So, you ready to lose...
your Ventus?
Yeah, it's almost mine!
Bring it!
Okay Drago, finish this for me!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan... Stand!
A-a Dragonoid!
DRAGO: Ah, when he releases me I can move around freely
in this world!
Here it comes Drago.
Ability Card Activate!
DRAGO: But my Fire Wall won't be effective against a beast
with wind attributes!
Drago, what'd ya doin'?!
We're right in the middle of a battle?!
I do not take orders, human!
What?!
Get in there!
This is the opening I've been waiting for!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
BAKU-POD: Falconeer Power Level increase to 300 Gs.
Hey, I might be low on power...
But your Dragonoid is useless against
my Falconeer's Wind Attribute!
And just to be safe,
I'm gonna amp it up a notch!
Ability Activate... Jumpover!
And corelation between Ventus and Pyrus!
Get back!
DAN: He jumped right over the Fire Wall!
The only way to fight fire is use a little wind!
You thought your Dragonoid had more power than my Falconeer?
Wrong!
Fire is trumped by Wind.
BAKU-POD: Falconeer Power...
400 Gs.
What do we do, Drago?!
Falconeer!
Our fight is not with each other!
I battle by using my instinct, Dragonoid!
Come to your senses!
It is negative energy that drives you!
Drago!
You leave me no choice!
The Fire Wall smothered the wind!
[screams]
You lose!
Why do you keep doing this to me?!
Ah man, look what happened to you.
Didn't I tell you?
But no, mister big shot here wouldn't listen.
And now look what happened to ya!
Can it, Akira!
I'm going home to mommy!
Hey!
Catch ya later, Slick!
If ya wanna lose...
why don't you guys just give me a call!
Hey Drago, way to pull off the win.
To be honest, I was gettin' a bit nervous back there...
Oh the silent treatment again...
Well this time I'm not falling for it...
you can...
I'm looking for Dan Kuso...
That you, Masquerade?
So, you decided to show up
and I get to put a face to the name.
Well, Masquerade ,
I hear you've been stealing my buddies' Bakugan...
How come?!
We put a lot time into organizing this game...
And there's no way I'm gonna let you
or anyone mess it up!
It stops here, Masquerade.
It's time to battle, Dan.
Ready?
Field Open!
Gate Card... Set!
Concentrate!
MASQUERADE: Your move...
DAN: I wonder what he threw down?
Guess I'll just have to use my Serpenoid Card
with higher Gs!
C'mon Serpenoid, do some damage!
Bakugan... Stand!
Bakugan Brawl...
Reaper Stand!
BAKU-POD: Reaper Power Level...
370 Gs.
Serpenoid Power Level...
320 Gs.
Gate Card Open...
Now!
BAKU-POD: Serpenoid Power Level
increase to 620 Gs.
Okay, Masquerade, time to put up or shut up!
Let's see you trump that bad boy!
Ability Card Activate...
Dimension... Four...
What's that?!
Just one of my many pets...
It's an Ability Card
called Dimension Four...
Whoa!
BAKU-POD: Serpenoid Power Drop to 320 Gs...
[laughs]
[screams]
Serpenoid!
Oh no!
He took my beast right out of the battle!
DRAGO: What incredible power!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Saurus Glow!
You beat my Gate Card,
but you won't be able to override the power
of my Ability Card!
Double Dimension...
Activate...
Ah man, he shut down the power of Ability!
No! Saurus!
No fair!
I want my Bakugan back!
Sorry, but no can do...
Once the Doom Card is played,
the battle is over...
Doom Card?
Yes Dan...
the Doom Card...
Once you throw it down...
It overpowers all cards...
sending the defeated Bakugan
into another dimension for eternity.
You're kiddin'?!
The Doom Dimension?!
DRAGO: He's right, human.
A Bakugan can never return from the Doom Dimension.
There we meet our eternal demise...
Nothing is feared more!
Now I know how you're stealing everyone's Bakugan,
but the question is,
why are you wrecking our game, Masquerade?!
Dan, Dan, Dan...
Whoever said this was just a game?
Every single battle is real...
Drago!
[growls]
Gate Card Set!
C'mon Drago, this is our one shot at it!
Why are you doing this?!
Do you realize what's happened in Vestroia?
That does not concern me!
Of course it does!
I am a soldier and in this dimension
I am free to team up with a human.
Then I can inherit infinite power!
You fool!
I've had enough of you!
It is time to send you to the Doom Dimension, Dragonoid!
C'mon, Drago!
[laughing]
Have a pleasant journey!
W-what?!
Drago!
Card Gate Open, Activate Fire Storm!
We're down to our last card...
This is it...
What's wrong?!
Ultimate Boost!
[loud scream]
Drago! Drago, where are you?!
Drago...
I spared him for you...
You realize I could have captured your Bakugan
but I decided against.
It's been a slice, Dan...
Later...
Wait! I can beat you!
I know I can!
Bakugan is not a mere game, kiddo.
There are other dimensions
and powers involved.
It's a battle that can lead to the destruction
of the entire world...
For real?!
And the only way to stop it,
is for you to defeat me...
This... is crazy!
[laughs]
REAPER: So, human, that was a Dragonoid?
I wonder if he fought at full power?
No clue.
And unfortunately he didn't possess
what I am searching for...
But I will remember young Dan Kuso
and his Bakugan, Drago...
Man oh man oh man!
This bites!
[groan]
I will beat you, Masquerade!
DAN: On the next episode of Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
Drago and I make a little noise at my house.
Oh, sure, my parents are a little concerned.
I tell them not to worry, we won't burn the house down.
Then Drago and I team up
to take on a kid named Rickimaru.
He thinks he's pretty tough
because Masquerade set him up to battle me.
But I'll show him.
That's coming next in \"A Feud Between Friends.\"
Bakugan brawl!
See you then.
\u266a